Notes.md, before:

## 1 Apr 2020

- Fixed Server Middleware - Needs to be included in Nuxt config file

- Tweaked Bible Retrieval to text that I need [Need to remember to change token]

- Added date file plug in. Realized need to re-compile using webpack for some reason for it to kick in

- Worked on cards and theme displays for Vuetify and made it LIGHT

- Practiced passing props into components


## 9 Apr 2020

- Figured out the struture of the app (journal is list of QT journal entries, auth is for authenticated related pages, plans is for creation of plans without dabbling in code)

- Authentication needs to be done on the server side, passing of email and pwd need to be encrypted over transfer

- Token needs to be passed back to client and stored in a cookie

- Journal entries need to be identified by the clients id (email)

- User needs to have plan tied to his information for nuxtserverinit display

- Having problems with Client to Server Post calls for authentication (no token returned, bug, invalid signature after returned) - solved async issue

- Logging for server side needs to be sorted out (solved server middleware issue) - can't figure out why logging is not coming out from express starting page. - solved sequence of loading. Server middle ware only loaded after express is started.


## 11 Apr 2020

- Figuring out Express structure - In asynchronous programming callbacks are alot more predictable then in "return" statements

- Implementing Cookies for storage of token and expiration time on client side (done, but may not want to use cookies)

- Implementing logout from app / expired or manual - done


## 12 Apr 2020

- Implemented logout checks on client side, so that journal and plans are not accessible when not logged in

- Figure out how to include token in headers for API calls to server - Will always be included in post to server


## 15 Apr 2020

- Check if Client is still authenticated? But need to figure out which pages need logout function. Seems to be called excessively.

- Implemented Logout for app. Done.

- When logged in, login should be disabled completed.

- Re-did naming convention of REST service for service to indicate resources properly in url (proper naming conventions)

- Get services don't carry payload on send. Post requests can carry payload.

- Logging in is done. Starting to work on plans and layout of how plans page should be


## 17 Apr 2020

- Did comparison between MongoDB and Cloud Firestore. Mongo is cheaper in the long run. Also more widely used.

- Able to enter plan data into MongoDB (decided against firebase)

- created structure for plan creation and listing. Form is not completed yet.


## 27 Apr 2020

- Still working on plan creation, still considering how data should be stored if month changes happen.


## 2 May 2020

- Done temp store for plan creation

- Figuring out how to make passage picker component


## 21 May 2020

- Working on Bible Passages. Not sure why V-Model doesn't work as it should, seems to toggle. Did a workaround.

- Currently working on multiple chapter selects and verse selects for choosing bible passages.

## 23 May 2020

- Working on getting passage picker dialog box to the correct size

## 5 June 2020

- What is v-slot:activator?

## 7 June 2020

- Done most of the PassagePicker, only that edit-dialog component doesn't get re-rendered. Need to make stepper start at 1 again.
- PassagePicker done
- Working on Storing Passage into mongoDB.

## 10 June 2020

- Storing passage completed
- Tweaked superscript for verses in Passage Component
- Fine tuned log in process with feedback for failed login
- Need to do RUD of CRUD for Plans (Need to figure out if reading needs to retrieve all plans if too many? what to do?)

## 13 June 2020

- Made a default passage (Provers [day of the month]) display if plan is not carefully defined.

## 14 June 2020

- A "thrown" error is causing some problems. Comes after response is sent back to client. - Solved. Not to return anything else after await

- Created Users database for data that relates to the User

- Created Model for QTEntry and Users

- If Vuex Store module wants to access another stores action, can use {root : true}

- Figuring out how to get getters from another module. - solved

- Asynchronous issue, need to figure out how to send back chosenPlanID.

## 19 June 2020

- Chosen plan retrieved and store in vuex

- Front page passage should update dynamically

- Working on listing saved plans, need to set up route on the server side. 

## 20 June 2020

- plans can now be read and listed

- Not sure why reload of plans page makes it show json instead - solved

- Need to sort passages in plans according to date - solved

- Plan can now be deleted

- Solved date UTC problem, causing some bugs to current month in focus

## 21 June 2020

- need to check owner of plan for update and deletion - solved

- plan selected is now shown in plan list and is dynamically changeable

- Solved on reload problem, handled with cookie with storage of id

- Starting work on the journal entries part of the app

## Running TODO LIST

- Set authentication in place so that users can journal in private and see past journal entries

- Implementing encryption between client and server communication and server encryption to other servers

- Figure out refresh token procedures

- Personalize front page after people have signed in

- Validate login data, provide a forget password feature and validate email address to be authentic

- Add additional login methods (Google Sign-In, etc.)

- Create Plans / Pick Plan / Update and DeletePlan (if owner) <---

- Click into Plans to see verses for the month

- Validation that verses chosen are selected after the previous verse

- Allow journaling without passage? (ETWG, Prayer List, or Any other entries?)

- Need to have feedback on Create Plan page if plan created is successful

- Server side needs to check cookie for user validity

- Need to handle pagination for plans, in case too many plans get returned all at once in future

- How to choose plans?

- On plan deletion, need to ascertain there is a catch all for users who use the plan

- need to check token for every modification of backend

- When page is reloaded, userID is null, because only token and expiry are around long term.

- Excessive checkAuth used. Need to figure out best practices.

Commit message:

Started work on updating plans

Notes.md, after:

## 1 Apr 2020

- Fixed Server Middleware - Needs to be included in Nuxt config file

- Tweaked Bible Retrieval to text that I need [Need to remember to change token]

- Added date file plug in. Realized need to re-compile using webpack for some reason for it to kick in

- Worked on cards and theme displays for Vuetify and made it LIGHT

- Practiced passing props into components


## 9 Apr 2020

- Figured out the struture of the app (journal is list of QT journal entries, auth is for authenticated related pages, plans is for creation of plans without dabbling in code)

- Authentication needs to be done on the server side, passing of email and pwd need to be encrypted over transfer

- Token needs to be passed back to client and stored in a cookie

- Journal entries need to be identified by the clients id (email)

- User needs to have plan tied to his information for nuxtserverinit display

- Having problems with Client to Server Post calls for authentication (no token returned, bug, invalid signature after returned) - solved async issue

- Logging for server side needs to be sorted out (solved server middleware issue) - can't figure out why logging is not coming out from express starting page. - solved sequence of loading. Server middle ware only loaded after express is started.


## 11 Apr 2020

- Figuring out Express structure - In asynchronous programming callbacks are alot more predictable then in "return" statements

- Implementing Cookies for storage of token and expiration time on client side (done, but may not want to use cookies)

- Implementing logout from app / expired or manual - done


## 12 Apr 2020

- Implemented logout checks on client side, so that journal and plans are not accessible when not logged in

- Figure out how to include token in headers for API calls to server - Will always be included in post to server


## 15 Apr 2020

- Check if Client is still authenticated? But need to figure out which pages need logout function. Seems to be called excessively.

- Implemented Logout for app. Done.

- When logged in, login should be disabled completed.

- Re-did naming convention of REST service for service to indicate resources properly in url (proper naming conventions)

- Get services don't carry payload on send. Post requests can carry payload.

- Logging in is done. Starting to work on plans and layout of how plans page should be


## 17 Apr 2020

- Did comparison between MongoDB and Cloud Firestore. Mongo is cheaper in the long run. Also more widely used.

- Able to enter plan data into MongoDB (decided against firebase)

- created structure for plan creation and listing. Form is not completed yet.


## 27 Apr 2020

- Still working on plan creation, still considering how data should be stored if month changes happen.


## 2 May 2020

- Done temp store for plan creation

- Figuring out how to make passage picker component


## 21 May 2020

- Working on Bible Passages. Not sure why V-Model doesn't work as it should, seems to toggle. Did a workaround.

- Currently working on multiple chapter selects and verse selects for choosing bible passages.

## 23 May 2020

- Working on getting passage picker dialog box to the correct size

## 5 June 2020

- What is v-slot:activator?

## 7 June 2020

- Done most of the PassagePicker, only that edit-dialog component doesn't get re-rendered. Need to make stepper start at 1 again.
- PassagePicker done
- Working on Storing Passage into mongoDB.

## 10 June 2020

- Storing passage completed
- Tweaked superscript for verses in Passage Component
- Fine tuned log in process with feedback for failed login
- Need to do RUD of CRUD for Plans (Need to figure out if reading needs to retrieve all plans if too many? what to do?)

## 13 June 2020

- Made a default passage (Provers [day of the month]) display if plan is not carefully defined.

## 14 June 2020

- A "thrown" error is causing some problems. Comes after response is sent back to client. - Solved. Not to return anything else after await

- Created Users database for data that relates to the User

- Created Model for QTEntry and Users

- If Vuex Store module wants to access another stores action, can use {root : true}

- Figuring out how to get getters from another module. - solved

- Asynchronous issue, need to figure out how to send back chosenPlanID.

## 19 June 2020

- Chosen plan retrieved and store in vuex

- Front page passage should update dynamically

- Working on listing saved plans, need to set up route on the server side. 

## 20 June 2020

- plans can now be read and listed

- Not sure why reload of plans page makes it show json instead - solved

- Need to sort passages in plans according to date - solved

- Plan can now be deleted

- Solved date UTC problem, causing some bugs to current month in focus

## 21 June 2020

- need to check owner of plan for update and deletion - solved

- plan selected is now shown in plan list and is dynamically changeable

- Solved on reload problem, handled with cookie with storage of id

- Starting work on the journal entries part of the app

## 3 July 2020

- Started working on updating plans (Still need to make it dynamic)

- sorted out a bug that stores wrong plan data (objects need to be refreshed correctly)

## Running TODO LIST

- Set authentication in place so that users can journal in private and see past journal entries

- Implementing encryption between client and server communication and server encryption to other servers

- Figure out refresh token procedures

- Personalize front page after people have signed in

- Validate login data, provide a forget password feature and validate email address to be authentic

- Add additional login methods (Google Sign-In, etc.)

- Create Plans / Pick Plan / Update and DeletePlan (if owner) <---

- Click into Plans to see verses for the month

- Validation that verses chosen are selected after the previous verse

- Allow journaling without passage? (ETWG, Prayer List, or Any other entries?)

- Need to have feedback on Create Plan page if plan created is successful

- Server side needs to check cookie for user validity

- Need to handle pagination for plans, in case too many plans get returned all at once in future

- How to choose plans?

- On plan deletion, need to ascertain there is a catch all for users who use the plan

- need to check token for every modification of backend

- When page is reloaded, userID is null, because only token and expiry are around long term.

- Excessive checkAuth used. Need to figure out best practices.
